Allow setting an attribute as multivalued (#26943)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_admin/topics/users/user-profile.adoc

*error-message*: the key of the error message in i18n bundle. If not set a generic message is used.

|multivalued

> |Validates the size of a multivalued attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Validates the count of a multivalued attribute.
```

|

> *min*: an integer to define the minimum allowed size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*min*: an integer to define the minimum allowed count of attribute values.
```

> *max*: an integer to define the maximum allowed length.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*max*: an integer to define the maximum allowed count of attribute values.
```
